template: pr update (#3495)
iterative/dvc: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> * [ ] ❗ I have followed the [Contributing to DVC](https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/contributing/core) checklist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] ❗ I have followed the [Contributing to DVC](https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/contributing/core) checklist.
```

> * [ ] 📖 If this PR requires [documentation](https://dvc.org/doc) updates, I have created a separate PR (or at least issue) in [dvc.org](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org). If the CLI API is changed, I have updated [tab completion scripts](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/tree/master/scripts/completion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] 📖 If this PR requires [documentation](https://dvc.org/doc) updates, I have created a separate PR (or issue, at least) in [dvc.org](https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org) and linked it here. If the CLI API is changed, I have updated [tab completion scripts](https://github.com/iterative/dvc/tree/master/scripts/completion).
```

Author: I left out the "and linked it here/there" as I can't honestly imagine anyone *not* linking things, but whatever...

Reviewer: People don't always link it because since they mention the core PR in the docs PR there's an automatic link that GH makes in the body of the PR. But it's not obvious or easy to find so Ii think its best to explicitly remind people to paste the link in the PR description.

> * [ ] ❌ I will try to check DeepSource, CodeClimate, and other sanity checks below. (We consider their findings recommendatory and don't expect everything to be addressed. Please review them carefully and fix those that actually improve code or fix bugs.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] ❌ I will check DeepSource, CodeClimate, and other sanity checks below. (We consider them recommendatory and don't expect everything to be addressed. Please fix things that actually improve code or fix bugs.)
```
